 # Togzhan Nurmukanova, Detail oriented and profound business intelligence consultant with MIT professional education alumni and extensive working experience in insurance sales.  I am eager to contribute my unique blend of excellent communication skills, analytical rigor, and technical proficiency in SQL, Power BI, Tableau, and Python to contribute to success of the forward-thinking organizations. I emphasize my personal vision of importance of the in-depth research and complex dataset analysis  to investigate the actionable insights and recommendations to support strategic business solutions.
Currently I am working on Data Visualization and Tableau analysis for supermarket chain performance, that is aimed to determine the main centers of profit and loss, as well as the effectiveness of advertising campaigns, and investigating patterns of product return. My previous experience of MIT course empowers me with the formulating the problem, understanding the data, creating solution design as well as elevating my presentation skills. In 2025, I have been enrolled in Tripleten 5 month Business Intelligence program. The curriculum covered Data collection and storage PostgreSQL, data visualization (Tableau, Power BI), Python, Data Storytelling and spreadsheet data analysis. I have accomplished numerous practical projects.
Some facts about me:
-	I enjoy in participating in professional events organized by MIT alumni society.
-	My hobbies are yoga and fitness, and I have been practicing then since my postgraduate studies.
-	I am fascinated to study about universities worldwide and education systems, in every place I travel, always arrange tour inside student campus.
-	During my non-working time, I enjoy interacting with people from community, my university friends as well as meeting new people.
-	My goal for 2025, landing to my dream job and travelling to Oregon.
